New article "Use the Edge Add-ons badge to promote your add-on" (#3550)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions/publish/microsoft-edge-badge.md

---

> title: Use the Get it from Microsoft Edge badge to promote your extension

Author: ```suggestion
title: Use the Get it from Microsoft Edge badge to promote your add-on
```
@captainbrosset

Author: add-on

The generic Microsoft Store badge reads **Get it from Microsoft**:

![The generic Microsoft Store badge](./microsoft-edge-badge-images/generic-microsoft-store-badge.png)

Unlike generic Microsoft [Store badges](/windows/apps/publish/app-marketing-guidelines#store-badges),<!-- todo: png showing "generic" Microsoft Store badge --> the Get it from Microsoft Edge badge provides a distinct, trusted visual cue that connects your Edge add-ons directly to the Microsoft Edge ecosystem.

The Get it from Microsoft Edge badge is not the same as the Microsoft brand logo, and they cannot be used interchangeably.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Download the badge image files

Download the complete set of badge `.png` files.

> <!-- todo: upload the .zip file to either:

Author: 1. Delete the macOS hidden folder from the .zip file that contains the badge .png files.
2. Upload the .zip file to download.microsoft.com (www.microsoft.com/download).

@captainbrosset posted in a forum on Monday, Aug. 25 asking how to do this.
@G-u-r-j-e-e-t
